clarify that time-related information needs to be randomized (#594)
openid/OpenID4VCI: openid-4-verifiable-credential-issuance-1_0.md

* Issue a batch of Credentials with the same Credential Dataset to facilitate the use of a unique Credential per presentation or per Verifier. This approach solely aids in achieving Verifier-to-Verifier unlinkability.
* Use cryptographic schemes that can provide non-correlation.

> In batch-issued Credentials, claims containing time-related information, such as issuance or expiration dates, SHOULD be either randomized within an appropriate time window (e.g., within the last 24 hours) or rounded (e.g., to the start of the day), to avoid unnecessary correlation.

Reviewer: I don't think the problem is limited to batch-issued credentials, building upon Christian's suggestion and generalising it a little:

```suggestion
Claims containing time-related information, such as issuance or expiration dates, SHOULD be either individually randomized within an appropriate time window (e.g., within the last 24 hours), or rounded (e.g., to the start of the day), to avoid unintended correlation factors.
```
